feat(topology): show pipeline decorator on topology node (#447)
janus-idp/backstage-plugins: plugins/topology/README.md

  ```

> - The following code must be added in`customResources` component in the [`app-config.yaml`](https://backstage.io/docs/features/kubernetes/configuration#configuring-kubernetes-clusters) file to view the Tekton PipelineRuns list in side panel and to view the latest pipeline run status in the topology node decorator:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The following code must be added in`customResources` component in the [`app-config.yaml`](https://backstage.io/docs/features/kubernetes/configuration#configuring-kubernetes-clusters) file to view the Tekton PipelineRuns list in the side panel and to view the latest PipelineRun status in the Topology node decorator:
```

       - group: 'tekton.dev'
         apiVersion: 'v1beta1'
         plural: 'pipelineruns'
       - group: 'tekton.dev'
         apiVersion: 'v1beta1'
         plural: 'taskruns'
  ```

>   Also, ensure that the Pipeline, PipelineRun and TaskRun are granted a [`ClusterRole`](https://backstage.io/docs/features/kubernetes/configuration#role-based-access-control). You can use the following code to grant the `ClusterRole` to Pipeline, PipelineRun and TaskRun:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Also, ensure that the Pipeline, PipelineRun, and TaskRun are granted a [`ClusterRole`](https://backstage.io/docs/features/kubernetes/configuration#role-based-access-control). You can use the following code to grant the `ClusterRole` to Pipeline, PipelineRun, and TaskRun:
```
